put-variable-temporary x,a
put-variable-permanent y,a
put-value-temporary x,a
put-value-permanent y,a
put-unsafe-value y,a
put-structure f,a
put-list a
put-constant c,a
set-variable-temporary x
set-variable-permanent y
set-value-temporary x
set-value-permanent y
set-local-value-temporary x
set-local-value-permanent y
set-constant c
set-void n
get-variable-temporary x,a
get-variable-permanent y,a
get-value-temporary x,a
get-value-permanent y,a
get-structure f,a
get-list a
get-constant c,a
unify-variable-temporary x
unify-variable-permanent y
unify-value-temporary x
unify-value-permanent y
unify-local-value-temporary x
unify-local-value-permanent y
unify-constant c
unify-void n
allocate
deallocate
call p,n
execute p
proceed
try-me-else l
retry-me-else l
trust-me
try l
retry l
trust l
switch-on-term v,c,l,s
switch-on-constant hashtable
switch-on-structure hashtable
neck-cut
get-level y
cut y

